[docs] Fix typo in localization.md (#1155)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/localization/localization.md

# Data Grid - Localization

> <p class="description">The Data Grid will support users from different locales, with formatting, RTL, and localized strings.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">The Data Grid allows to support users from different locales, with formatting, RTL, and localized strings.</p>
```
